An image caption generator model  automatically generate descriptive captions for images. 

Generating well-formed sentences requires both syntactic and semantic understanding of the language. 

In the context of cricket images, the model is trained to analyze and understand the different elements of cricket-related images,
such as the players, the equipment, the stadium, and the audience.

The proposed model is composed of two main parts : 
         i.    Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) 
         ii.   Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)

Generating descriptive and informative captions for cricket images can be time-consuming and require a lot of effort. 
    By using an image caption generator model, this task can be automated, saving time and increasing efficiency.
    Accurately identify and describe image details, providing relevant information and context to the audience.

Proposed CNN-RNN based model for image caption generator of cricket images

The model will treat CNN as the ‘image model’ and the RNN/LSTM as the ‘language model’ to encode the text sequences of varying length. 
The vectors resulting from both the encodings are then merged and processed further by RNN model
Merge architecture is created in order to feed the image features to the RNN/LSTM and thus be able to train the part of the neural network.
InceptionV3 used as CNN model


Training Phase 

Cricket images  are fed to the CNN model for the extraction of features.
InceptionV3 used as CNN to extract the features from the images .
Feature vectors extracted are fed to the RNN model.
Simultaneously, caption data are fed to the RNN for the training process.

Working Phase
Input Image is given to the CNN-RNN model.
Caption is generated by the model.

Conclusions 
This model generates descriptive captions for the given input image related to cricket domain.
The proposed approach uses CNN-RNN model.
For training the model, the dataset is created by us.
Our model uses InceptionV3 as CNN model 
This model can be further developed to automate the live cricket commentary.
